README.md, before:

#Bookshelf Package
**Requires Concrete5 5.7.5+, PHP 5.4+ & the Imagick extension**

A block that shows PDF files within a set in a thumbnail based grid format.

##Install
1. Unzip and copy the 'bookshelf-block' folder to your concrete5 installations 'packages' folder. **(check the folder name, it's important)**
2. Login, click on the Settings icon on the right of the top bar, click 'Extend concrete5'.
3. Click on the 'Install' button next to 'Bookshelf Block', follow the install instructions.
5. Add some PDF files to a file set
6. Goto a page and add the block, it may take a few seconds to load the first time as the thumbnail cache is built on the fly.

## Support
Developers should open an issue here, for all other support please file a support ticket [here](https://c5dev.com/support?addon=Twitter+Feed).

## Change Log
[Click here](https://github.com/c5labs/bookshelf-block/releases) to see the release information on GitHub for an accurate change log.

##License
See the included license file.

Commit message:

Renamed to 'File Covers' and added icons.

README.md, after:

#File Covers Package
**Requires Concrete5 5.7.5+, PHP 5.4+ & the Imagick extension**

A block that shows PDF files within a set in a thumbnail based grid format.

##Install
1. Unzip and copy the 'file-covers-block' folder to your concrete5 installations 'packages' folder. **(check the folder name, it's important)**
2. Login, click on the Settings icon on the right of the top bar, click 'Extend concrete5'.
3. Click on the 'Install' button next to 'File Covers Block', follow the install instructions.
5. Add some PDF files to a file set
6. Goto a page and add the block, it may take a few seconds to load the first time as the thumbnail cache is built on the fly.

## Support
Developers should open an issue here, for all other support please file a support ticket [here](https://c5dev.com/support?addon=Twitter+Feed).

## Change Log
[Click here](https://github.com/c5labs/bookshelf-block/releases) to see the release information on GitHub for an accurate change log.

##License
See the included license file.
